they gave them to me I know I packed
them but I just can't find Christine
Lahti there's no reason to think they're
on to us yet so stay calm
judd hirsch we're your parents Ozzie and
Harriet martha plimpton it's wonderful
having a new name every six months River
Phoenix 20 years ago his parents
protested the Vietnam War I was
wondering if Michael had ever mentioned
anything to you about his old school a
liar
my name isn't Michael my parents Arthur
in any port my colony why to throw it
all away then trouble with the FBI
removing base camp kids have you tracks
his whole life he's been paying the
price of their beliefs look what we're
doing with these kids
I've been running their whole lives like
criminals you can't keep running away
from something that you had nothing to
do it you deserve your own chance I'm
not letting him go because it's not safe
are we supposed to question authority
you taught me that
should turn ourselves in it's dangerous
for you and it's dangerous for him we
can't keep him locked up what about us
baby I need you you have to let me go
a story of love loyalty and letting go
running on empty directed by Sidney
Lumet
you